Congratulations Esteban on joining today! Go Broadway Heights!!!
Tonight's Broadway Heights Study Mtg. Esteban will be receiving tomorrow
Good morning✨Our neighborhood in action!!!
Ywd guest karen attends harlem heights Arts planning mtg. Every meeting is a shakubuku mtg. Karen already has 2 guests confirmed for youth mtg.
Nathalie's guests Cleo and Jannine both received at 3pm Intro! Go City College!!
ADITYA brought a coworker guest to the 10am KRG! He was receiving the publications and decided to receive gohonzon at the 1pm KRG!!
Gohonzon! Sponsor is Jane. Congratulations Harlem Chapter and Apollo! Let's go!!!!!
Shakubuku Victory Daimoku Toso hosted by Morningside Chapter. 2 new members joined, actively partaking in joyful propagation efforts!
YWD guest Katie just received her gohonzon! She attended a mtg before, has been chanting daily, been receiving awesome benefits, and has been studying! She is also already connected to the YWD! Tanja and Ai are on it!
Toso & Intro @Yveline's going on now!!! #49 St. Nicholas Terrace Apt 12 (at 130th St.).
Junko's guest Nick who's been chanting for months received the Gohonzon at Morningside Chapter Intro mtg!
One new WD!! Just received Gohonzon!!
YMD guest Terrence Phearse just received the Gohonzon and joined Hancock Park!!!
Shoko, Kim and I enshrined new haven heights YMD Yarian's Gohonzon tonight!! He's attending Soka spirit Toso AND KRG on Sunday. He already wants to introduce this practice to his friends!!
Washington heights Intro meeting with Abbie! She filled out a Gohonzon application!
Dyckman discussion mtg Caliente
RJ's friend Yaneth Lombana received the Gohonzon tonight at NYCC evening Gongyo. She has been chanting for 2 years!
WD guest (Vanessa) just received her gohonzon at West Harlem Intro Mtg! Vanessa has been to several meetings this week and has known about the practice for many years!!!
New member Dalton brought two guests to the Columbia campus club today!!! They both confirmed to receive gohonzon next week!!!!!
Morningside Intro meeting with 2 YWD guests (Carley and Devika are sponsors). Both expressed they start chanting Daimoku!
Wonderful St. Nicholas Peak Mtg Discussion Mtg with 1 WD guest (Mary). Mary is a devout Christian but has given permission for her 15 y/o daughter to participate in SGI YD activities based on her joy of this mtg today! Whoa!!
Amazing Harlem Chapter Intro meeting with 2 guests! 1 ymd Oran and 1 WD Akua! (Akua left before we took the pic) Oran wants his Gohonzon but he doesn't have a place to live yet, he just moved here from Texas 2 weeks ago! He will chant for a place and for a job and he's coming to the intro meeting at NYCC tomorrow!
At my District Hancock Park Saturday Group Mtg this morning, YMD Anthony received Gohonzon
Fantastic Sugar Hill district meeting!! Deeply moving and encouraging! WD guest Vanessa shared, "I can't believe I'm here!!" She is attending West Harlem intro meeting tomorrow!!!
23 attendees at today's Hancock Park group meeting! They have now completed all the requirements for champion district status
Fantastic Convent Gardens District, Edgecombe Avenue Group mtg this morning! Very open, moving, unifying and encouraging!
MD who had not been to activities in a while attended Hudson Heights Discussion mtg last night! He shared that his father is also a member for many years and a famous Jazz Musician!!!
